Created a seaborn.md file in /python/concepts/seaborn (#1256)
Codecademy/docs: content/seaborn/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/load-dataset/load-dataset.md

---
Title: 'load_dataset()'
Description: 'Loads a sample dataset (in CSV format) from this online [repository](https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn-data).'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Data Visualization'
Tags:
  - 'Graphs'
  - 'Libraries'
  - 'Matplotlib'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'CSV'
  - 'Pandas'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The `load_dataset()` function takes the name of a sample dataset (in CSV format) from this online [repository](https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn-data) and returns a Pandas [`DataFrame`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/pandas/dataframe) object.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> seaborn.load_dataset(name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seaborn.load_dataset(name, cache=True, data_home=None, **kws)
```

Some of the more significant parameters are listed here:

|    Parameter Name    |         Data Type          | Usage                                                                                                                                        |
| :------------------: | :------------------------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|       `name`         |            str             | Name of the dataset (in CSV format) on this [repository](https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn-data).                                                                                                              |

> |        `cache`       |            boolean         | The default value is `True`or `1` and it allows the function to initially load the dataset from a local cache directory, after which it saves to this cache directory if a download is needed. |                                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|        `cache`       |            boolean         | The default value is `True`or `1` and it allows the function to initially load the dataset from a local cache directory, after which it saves to this cache directory if a download is needed.  |
```

Author: Done :)

> |       `name`         |            str             | Name of the dataset (in CSV format) on this [repository](https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn-data).|
> |        `cache`       |            boolean         | The default value is `True`or `1` and it allows the function to initially load the dataset from a local cache directory, after which it saves to this cache directory if a download is needed.|
> |     `data_home`      |            str             | Specifies the local directory where the cache data is stored. To view this directory, use the function `print(seaborn.get_data_home())`.|
> |       `kws`          |   dict(keys & values)      | Optional and extra keyword arguments that are passed to the pandas function `.read_csv`. This panda function reads a csv file and returns a dataframe.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|       `name`         |            `str`             | Name of the dataset (in CSV format) from examples repository. |
|        `cache` (optional)      |            `boolean`         | Initially loads the dataset from a local cache directory, after which it saves to this cache directory if a download is needed. |
|     `data_home`   (optional)   |            `str`             | Specifies the local directory where the cache data is stored; can be viewed with `seaborn.get_data_home()`. |
|       `kws`   (optional)       |   `dict` (keys & values)      | Extra keyword arguments that are passed to the [pandas `.read_csv()` function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/pandas/built-in-functions/read-csv). |
```

Applying these edits will most certainly mess up the spacing of this table, but don't worry about it. 😄

Before we merge, I will go in and format/lint the file(s).

Author: I am a bit new to this format/lint. But I am aware that they are mean for automated testing of one's work. I had node.js and also installed the packages such as yarn, prettier, markdownlint, and jest. But I have no idea how all these work, so please I would appreciate if you can help with some materials on how to learn about these and software testing xD

## Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following example accesses, loads, and prints the contents of the `flights.csv` file via the `.load_dataset()` function:

```

Reviewer: For Docs entries, let's precede an example code snippet with 1-2 sentences describing what's about to happen in the example.

Author: Nice, will keep that in mind

> |     `data_home`      |            str             | Specifies the local directory where the cache data is stored. To view this directory, use the function `print(seaborn.get_data_home())`.        |                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|     `data_home`      |            str             | Specifies the local directory where the cache data is stored. To view this directory, use the function `print(seaborn.get_data_home())`.        |   
```

Author: Done :)

```py

> import seaborn as sns
> 
> #Access and Load the dataset
> data = sns.load_dataset("flights")
> print(data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import seaborn as sns

data = sns.load_dataset("flights")
print(data)
```

No need for this comment with suggested text above the snippet.

```

> Output will show the contents of the flights.csv file loaded into the DataFrame as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output the following:
```

> |       `kws`          |   dict(keys & values)      | Optional and extra keyword arguments that are passed to the pandas function `.read_csv`. This panda function reads a csv file and returns a dataframe. |                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|       `kws`          |   dict(keys & values)      | Optional and extra keyword arguments that are passed to the Pandas function `.read_csv`. This Pandas function reads a csv file and returns a DataFrame. |
```

Author: Done in a single push update :)
